README.md, before:

# sportscrape
A Go package for collecting and transforming sports statistics from various sources into standardized formats.

[![Deploy][sportscrape-ci-status]][sportscrape-ci]
[![Go Report Card][go-report-status]][go-report]
[![Go Reference][goref-sportscrape-status]][goref-sportscrape]
[![Releases][release-status]][releases]

## Installation
```console
go get github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape
```

## Quick start
Retrieve and output `2025-02-20` NBA matchups from https://foxsports.com
```go
package main

import (
	"encoding/json"
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape"
	"github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/dataprovider/foxsports"
)

func main() {
	date := "2025-02-20"
	// define matchup scraper
	matchupScraper := foxsports.NewMatchupScraper(
		foxsports.MatchupScraperLeague(foxsports.NBA),
		foxsports.MatchupScraperSegmenter(&foxsports.GeneralSegmenter{Date: date}),
	)
	// define matchup runner
	matchuprunner := sportscrape.NewMatchupRunner(
		sportscrape.MatchupRunnerScraper(matchupScraper),
	)
	// Retrieve matchups
	matchups, err := matchuprunner.Run()
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	// Output each matchup as pretty json
	for _, matchup := range matchups {
		jsonBytes, err := json.MarshalIndent(matchup, "", "  ")
		if err != nil {
			log.Fatalf("Error marshaling to JSON: %v\n", err)
		}
		fmt.Println(string(jsonBytes))
	}
}
```

## Usage
- [basketball-reference.com NBA scrape examples](dataprovider/basketballreferencenba/example_test.go)
- [baseball-reference.com MLB scrape examples](dataprovider/baseballreferencemlb/example_test.go)
- [foxsports.com scraping examples](dataprovider/foxsports/example_test.go)

## Data providers

| Source                           | League | Feed                  | Periods Available       | Chromium Dependency |	Source Content Type	| Point-in-time|
|----------------------------------|--------|------------------------|:----------------------:|:-------------------:|:---------------------:|:------------:|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Matchup                | Full                   |☑️|	text/html	|✅|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Basic box score stats  | H1, H2, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, Full |☑️|	text/html	|✅|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Advanced box score stats| Full                  |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Matchup                | Full                   |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Batting box score stats| Full                   |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Pitching box score stats| Full                  |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NBA	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NBA	| Box score stats		 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Batting Box score stats| Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Pitching Box score stats| Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Probable starting pitcher| Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NCAAB	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NFL	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|

## Supported Formats
File formats the constructed data models support on export and import.
|Format|Export|Import|Go Package|
|:------|:----:|:-----:|:-----|
|Parquet|✅|✅|[xitongsys/parquet-go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/xitongsys/parquet-go)|
|JSON|✅|✅|[encoding/json](https://pkg.go.dev/encoding/json)|

## Development
### Prerequisites
Go 1.24 or higher

### Testing
This project is using [mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery) to mock interfaces.

To run unit tests:
```console
make unit-tests
```

To run unit and integration tests:
```console
make all-tests
```

Tests are also being ran as CI workflows on Github Actions.

## License
MIT

[sportscrape-ci]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/actions/workflows/deploy.yml (Deploy CI)
[sportscrape-ci-status]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg (Deploy CI)
[goref-sportscrape]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape
[goref-sportscrape-status]: https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape.svg
[release-status]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape?display_name=tag&sort=semver (Latest Release)
[releases]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/releases (Releases)
[go-report]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape (Go report)
[go-report-status]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape (Go report Badge)

Commit message:

Baseball savant mlb: Matchup scraper (#84)
* added MatchupScraper for for baseball savant mlb, renamed tests appropriately, Moved RFC3339ToTime and DateStrToTime to time.go

* pr num

README.md, after:

# sportscrape
A Go package for collecting and transforming sports statistics from various sources into standardized formats.

[![Deploy][sportscrape-ci-status]][sportscrape-ci]
[![Go Report Card][go-report-status]][go-report]
[![Go Reference][goref-sportscrape-status]][goref-sportscrape]
[![Releases][release-status]][releases]

## Installation
```console
go get github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape
```

## Quick start
Retrieve and output `2025-02-20` NBA matchups from https://foxsports.com
```go
package main

import (
	"encoding/json"
	"fmt"
	"log"

	"github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape"
	"github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/dataprovider/foxsports"
)

func main() {
	date := "2025-02-20"
	// define matchup scraper
	matchupScraper := foxsports.NewMatchupScraper(
		foxsports.MatchupScraperLeague(foxsports.NBA),
		foxsports.MatchupScraperSegmenter(&foxsports.GeneralSegmenter{Date: date}),
	)
	// define matchup runner
	matchuprunner := sportscrape.NewMatchupRunner(
		sportscrape.MatchupRunnerScraper(matchupScraper),
	)
	// Retrieve matchups
	matchups, err := matchuprunner.Run()
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	// Output each matchup as pretty json
	for _, matchup := range matchups {
		jsonBytes, err := json.MarshalIndent(matchup, "", "  ")
		if err != nil {
			log.Fatalf("Error marshaling to JSON: %v\n", err)
		}
		fmt.Println(string(jsonBytes))
	}
}
```

## Usage
- [basketball-reference.com NBA scrape examples](dataprovider/basketballreferencenba/example_test.go)
- [baseball-reference.com MLB scrape examples](dataprovider/baseballreferencemlb/example_test.go)
- [foxsports.com scraping examples](dataprovider/foxsports/example_test.go)
- [baseballsavant.mlb.com scraping examples](dataprovider/baseballsavantmlb/example_test.go)

## Data providers

| Source                           | League | Feed                  | Periods Available       | Chromium Dependency |	Source Content Type	| Point-in-time|
|----------------------------------|--------|------------------------|:----------------------:|:-------------------:|:---------------------:|:------------:|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Matchup                | Full                   |☑️|	text/html	|✅|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Basic box score stats  | H1, H2, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, Full |☑️|	text/html	|✅|
| https://basketball-reference.com | NBA    | Advanced box score stats| Full                  |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Matchup                | Full                   |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Batting box score stats| Full                   |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://baseball-reference.com   | MLB    | Pitching box score stats| Full                  |☑️|text/html|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NBA	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NBA	| Box score stats		 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Batting Box score stats| Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Pitching Box score stats| Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | MLB	| Probable starting pitcher| Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NCAAB	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://www.foxsports.com		   | NFL	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|
| https://baseballsavant.mlb.com		   | MLB	| Matchup				 | Live, Full			  | |application/json|✅|

## Supported Formats
File formats the constructed data models support on export and import.
|Format|Export|Import|Go Package|
|:------|:----:|:-----:|:-----|
|Parquet|✅|✅|[xitongsys/parquet-go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/xitongsys/parquet-go)|
|JSON|✅|✅|[encoding/json](https://pkg.go.dev/encoding/json)|

## Development
### Prerequisites
Go 1.24 or higher

### Testing
This project is using [mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery) v3.5.0 to mock interfaces.

To run unit tests:
```console
make unit-tests
```

To run unit and integration tests:
```console
make all-tests
```

Tests are also being ran as CI workflows on Github Actions.

## License
MIT

[sportscrape-ci]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/actions/workflows/deploy.yml (Deploy CI)
[sportscrape-ci-status]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg (Deploy CI)
[goref-sportscrape]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape
[goref-sportscrape-status]: https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape.svg
[release-status]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape?display_name=tag&sort=semver (Latest Release)
[releases]: https://github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape/releases (Releases)
[go-report]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape (Go report)
[go-report-status]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/lightning-dabbler/sportscrape (Go report Badge)
